Interactivos?'17 - Re-imagining movement in the city: citizen science for a sustainable present

Medialab-Prado (Madrid) is launching an open call for the submission of projects and research articles for the international collaborative prototyping seminar and workshop to be held in Madrid from 17 to 31 May 2017. As a theme, Interactivos?’17 suggests mobility in the city (living beings, material goods, pollutants, etc) on the intersection of three wide perspectives: citizen science, environmental sustainability and creativity and art with digital tools.

What do the workshops consist of? 

Interactivos? is a research and production platform for the creative and educational uses of technology. Its main goal is to expand on the use of electronic and software tools for artists, designers and educators, thus contributing to the development of local communities of cultural producers in this field.

Interactivos? events are a hybrid between an international production workshop, a seminar and a showcase. After the first days of seminar, projects promoters and collaborators work together to develop the proposed prototypes. Then these prototypes are showcased in a public exhibition in Medialab-Prado. Thus a space for reflection, research, and collaborative work is created. The process is open to the public from beginning to end.

In more detail:

From the proposals people submit, a maximum of 6 articles and 8 projects will be selected. Collaborators can register until few days before the workshop starts.

The workshop will be held from 17 to 31 May. Over the first two days there will be a seminar open to the public in which international experts and the authors of the selected articles will present their work. This will be a space in which to inspire and be inspired, to get to know others and to make yourself known. On these days the promoters of the selected projects will tell us what they aim to do in the workshop and everyone present will have a chance to meet each other.

Following the 2-day seminar the production workshop itself will begin, wherein promoters will develop the proposed prototypes, working hand in hand with collaborators. This workshop will be intensive and exciting: a space for exchange and experimentation. We will be helped along by coaches who will provide assistance and advice throughout the process. 

The workshop will end with a public presentation of the resulting prototypes. The prototypes will then be included in an exhibition at Medialab-Prado. 

If you want more information, want to submit a project proposal or a research article or want to join as a collaborator, please visit: http://medialab-prado.es/article/interactivos17
